data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/hard/libatomic.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/hard/libatomic.la arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/hard/libgomp.a  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/hard/libgomp.la arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/hard/libgomp.spec arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libatomic.a     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libatomic.la    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libc++_shared.so arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libc++_static.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libc++abi.a     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libgomp.a       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libgomp.la      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libgomp.spec    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libstdc++.a     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libstdc++.so    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/libunwind.a     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/hard/libatomic.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/hard/libatomic.la arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/hard/libgomp.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/hard/libgomp.la arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/hard/libgomp.spec arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libatomic.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libatomic.la arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libc++_shared.so arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libc++_static.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libc++abi.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libgomp.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libgomp.la arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libgomp.spec arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libstdc++.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libstdc++.so arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/armv7-a/thumb/libunwind.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.x arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xbn arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xc arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xd arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdc arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xdw arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xn arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xr arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xs arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsc arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xsw arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xu arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelf_linux_eabi.xw arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.x arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xbn arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xc arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xd arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdc arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xdw arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xn arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xr arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xs arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsc arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xsw arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xu arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/ldscripts/armelfb_linux_eabi.xw arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/libatomic.a             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/libatomic.la            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/libgomp.a               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/libgomp.la              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/libgomp.spec            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/thumb/libatomic.a       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/thumb/libatomic.la      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/thumb/libgomp.a         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/thumb/libgomp.la        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/lib/thumb/libgomp.spec      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-addr2line               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-ar                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-as                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-c++                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-c++filt                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-clang                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-clang++                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-clang-7                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-cpp                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-dwp                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-elfedit                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-g++                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-gcc                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-gcc-4.9.x               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-gcc-ar                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-gcc-nm                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-gcc-ranlib              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-gcov                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-gcov-tool               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-gprof                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-ld                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-ld.bfd                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-ld.gold                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-nm                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-objcopy                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-objdump                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-ranlib                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-readelf                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-size                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-strings                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/arm-linux-androideabi-strip                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/CMakeLists.txt                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__bit_reference                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__bsd_locale_defaults.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__bsd_locale_fallbacks.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__config                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__config_site.in                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__cxxabi_config.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__debug                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__functional_03                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__functional_base               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__functional_base_03            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__hash_table                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__libcpp_version                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__locale                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__mutex_base                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__nullptr                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__split_buffer                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__sso_allocator                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__std_stream                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__string                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__threading_support             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__tree                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__tuple                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/__undef_macros                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/algorithm                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/any                             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/array                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/atomic                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/bitset                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cassert                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ccomplex                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cctype                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cerrno                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cfenv                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cfloat                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/chrono                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cinttypes                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ciso646                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/climits                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/clocale                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cmath                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/codecvt                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/complex                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/complex.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/condition_variable              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/csetjmp                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/csignal                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cstdarg                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cstdbool                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cstddef                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cstdint                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cstdio                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cstdlib                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cstring                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ctgmath                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ctime                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ctype.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cwchar                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cwctype                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/cxxabi.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/deque                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/errno.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/exception                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/__config           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/__memory           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/algorithm          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/any                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/chrono             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/coroutine          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/deque              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/dynarray           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/filesystem         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/forward_list       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/functional         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/iterator           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/list               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/map                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/memory_resource    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/numeric            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/optional           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/propagate_const    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/ratio              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/regex              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/set                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/string             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/string_view        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/system_error       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/tuple              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/type_traits        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/unordered_map      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/unordered_set      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/utility            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/experimental/vector             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ext/__hash                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ext/hash_map                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ext/hash_set                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/float.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/forward_list                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/fstream                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/functional                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/future                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/initializer_list                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/inttypes.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/iomanip                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ios                             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/iosfwd                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/iostream                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/istream                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/iterator                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/limits                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/limits.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/list                            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/locale                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/locale.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/map                             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/math.h                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/memory                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/module.modulemap                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/mutex                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/new                             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/numeric                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/optional                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ostream                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/queue                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/random                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/ratio                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/regex                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/scoped_allocator                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/set                             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/setjmp.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/shared_mutex                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/sstream                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/stack                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/stdbool.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/stddef.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/stdexcept                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/stdint.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/stdio.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/stdlib.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/streambuf                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/string                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/string.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/string_view                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/strstream                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/android/locale_bionic.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/fuchsia/xlocale.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/ibm/limits.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/ibm/locale_mgmt_aix.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/ibm/support.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/ibm/xlocale.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/musl/xlocale.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/newlib/xlocale.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/solaris/floatingpoint.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/solaris/wchar.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/solaris/xlocale.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/win32/limits_msvc_win32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/win32/locale_win32.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/xlocale/__nop_locale_mgmt.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/xlocale/__posix_l_fallback.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/xlocale/__strtonum_fallback.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/support/xlocale/xlocale.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/system_error                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/tgmath.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/thread                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/tuple                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/type_traits                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/typeindex                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/typeinfo                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/unordered_map                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/unordered_set                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/utility                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/valarray                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/variant                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/vector                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/wchar.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/c++/4.9.x/wctype.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/llvm-libc++abi/include/__cxxabi_config.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/llvm-libc++abi/include/cxxabi.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__clang_cuda_builtin_vars.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__clang_cuda_cmath.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__clang_cuda_complex_builtins.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__clang_cuda_device_functions.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__clang_cuda_intrinsics.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__clang_cuda_libdevice_declares.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__clang_cuda_math_forward_declares.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__clang_cuda_runtime_wrapper.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__stddef_max_align_t.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__wmmintrin_aes.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/__wmmintrin_pclmul.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/adxintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/altivec.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/ammintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/arm64intr.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/arm_acle.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/arm_fp16.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/arm_neon.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/armintr.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx2intrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512bitalgintrin.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512bwintrin.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512cdintrin.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512dqintrin.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512erintrin.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512fintrin.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512ifmaintrin.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512ifmavlintrin.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512pfintrin.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vbmi2intrin.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vbmiintrin.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vbmivlintrin.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vlbitalgintrin.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vlbwintrin.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vlcdintrin.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vldqintrin.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vlintrin.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vlvbmi2intrin.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vlvnniintrin.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vnniintrin.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vpopcntdqintrin.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avx512vpopcntdqvlintrin.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/avxintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/bmi2intrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/bmiintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/cetintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/clflushoptintrin.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/clwbintrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/clzerointrin.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/cpuid.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/cuda_wrappers/algorithm   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/cuda_wrappers/complex     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/cuda_wrappers/new         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/emmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/f16cintrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/float.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/fma4intrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/fmaintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/fxsrintrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/gfniintrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/htmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/htmxlintrin.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/ia32intrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/immintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/intrin.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/inttypes.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/iso646.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/limits.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/lwpintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/lzcntintrin.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/mm3dnow.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/mm_malloc.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/mmintrin.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/module.modulemap          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/msa.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/mwaitxintrin.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/nmmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/opencl-c.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/pkuintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/pmmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/popcntintrin.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/prfchwintrin.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/rdseedintrin.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/rtmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/s390intrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/shaintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/smmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/stdalign.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/stdarg.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/stdatomic.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/stdbool.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/stddef.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/stdint.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/stdnoreturn.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/tbmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/tgmath.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/tmmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/unwind.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/vadefs.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/vaesintrin.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/varargs.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/vecintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/vpclmulqdqintrin.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/wmmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/x86intrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/xmmintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/xopintrin.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/xsavecintrin.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/xsaveintrin.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/xsaveoptintrin.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/xsavesintrin.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/clang/7.0.0/include/xtestintrin.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/crtbegin.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/crtbeginS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/crtbeginT.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/crtend.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/crtendS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/hard/crtbegin.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/hard/crtbeginS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/hard/crtbeginT.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/hard/crtend.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/hard/crtendS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/hard/libgcc.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/hard/libgcov.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/libgcc.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/libgcov.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/crtbegin.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/crtbeginS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/crtbeginT.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/crtend.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/crtendS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/hard/crtbegin.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/hard/crtbeginS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/hard/crtbeginT.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/hard/crtend.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/hard/crtendS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/hard/libgcc.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/hard/libgcov.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/libgcc.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/armv7-a/thumb/libgcov.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/crtbegin.o    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/crtbeginS.o   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/crtbeginT.o   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/crtend.o      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/crtendS.o     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/gcov-counter.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/gcov-io.c arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/gcov-io.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/gcov-iov.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/libgcov-driver-kernel.c arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/libgcov-driver.c arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/libgcov-kernel.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/libgcov-merge.c arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/libgcov-profiler.c arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/gcov-src/libgcov.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/arm_acle.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/arm_neon.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/float.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/iso646.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/mmintrin.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/omp.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/stdalign.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/stdarg.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/stdatomic.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/stdbool.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/stddef.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/stdfix.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/stdint-gcc.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/stdint.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/stdnoreturn.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/unwind-arm-common.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/unwind.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include/varargs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include-fixed/README arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include-fixed/limits.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include-fixed/linux/a.out.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/include-fixed/syslimits.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/fixinc_list arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/gsyslimits.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/include/README arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/include/limits.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/macro_list arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/mkheaders.conf arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/libgcc.a      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/libgcov.a     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/gtype.state arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/ada/gcc-interface/ada-tree.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/alias.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/all-tree.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/alloc-pool.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/ansidecl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/attribs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/auto-host.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/b-header-vars arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/basic-block.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/bitmap.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/builtins.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/bversion.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/c-family/c-common.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/c-family/c-common.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/c-family/c-objc.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/c-family/c-pragma.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/c-family/c-pretty-print.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/c-tree.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/calls.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cfg-flags.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cfgexpand.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cfghooks.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cfgloop.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cgraph.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cif-code.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cilk-builtins.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cilkplus.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/aarch-common-protos.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/aout.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/arm-cores.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/arm-opts.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/arm-protos.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/arm.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/bpabi.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/elf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/linux-eabi.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/linux-elf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/arm/linux-gas.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/dbxelf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/elfos.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/glibc-stdint.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/gnu-user.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/initfini-array.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/linux-android.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/linux-protos.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/linux.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config/vxworks-dummy.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/config.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/configargs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/context.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/coretypes.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cp/cp-tree.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cp/cp-tree.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cp/cxx-pretty-print.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cp/name-lookup.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cp/type-utils.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cppdefault.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/cpplib.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/debug.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/defaults.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/df.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/diagnostic-color.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/diagnostic-core.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/diagnostic.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/diagnostic.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/double-int.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/dumpfile.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/emit-rtl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/except.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/filenames.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/fixed-value.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/flag-types.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/flags.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/fold-const.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/function.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gcc-plugin.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gcc-symtab.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/genrtl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/ggc.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple-builder.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple-expr.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple-fold.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple-iterator.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple-low.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple-pretty-print.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple-ssa.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple-walk.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimple.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimplify-me.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gimplify.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gsstruct.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gtm-builtins.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/gtype-desc.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/hard-reg-set.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/hash-table.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/hashtab.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/highlev-plugin-common.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/hwint.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/incpath.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/input.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/insn-codes.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/insn-constants.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/insn-flags.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/insn-modes.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/insn-notes.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/internal-fn.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/internal-fn.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/intl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/ipa-prop.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/ipa-ref-inline.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/ipa-ref.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/ipa-reference.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/ipa-utils.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/is-a.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/java/java-tree.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/l-ipo.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/langhooks.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/libiberty.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/line-map.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/machmode.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/md5.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/mode-classes.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/objc/objc-tree.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/obstack.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/omp-builtins.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/options.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/opts.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/output.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/params.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/params.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/pass-instances.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/pass_manager.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/plugin-api.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/plugin-version.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/plugin.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/plugin.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/pointer-set.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/predict.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/predict.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/prefix.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/pretty-print.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/print-rtl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/print-tree.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/real.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/realmpfr.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/reg-notes.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/regset.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/resource.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/rtl.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/rtl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/safe-ctype.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/sanitizer.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/sbitmap.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/splay-tree.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/ssa-iterators.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/statistics.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/stmt.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/stor-layout.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/stringpool.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/symtab.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/sync-builtins.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/system.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/target-hooks-macros.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/target.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/target.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/timevar.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/timevar.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tm-preds.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tm.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tm_p.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/toplev.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-cfg.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-cfgcleanup.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-check.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-core.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-dfa.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-dump.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-eh.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-hasher.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-inline.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-into-ssa.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-iterator.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-nested.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-object-size.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-outof-ssa.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-parloops.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-pass.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-phinodes.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-pretty-print.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-address.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-alias.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-coalesce.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-dom.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-loop-ivopts.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-loop-manip.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-loop-niter.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-loop.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-operands.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-sccvn.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-ter.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-threadedge.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa-threadupdate.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssa.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree-ssanames.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/tree.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/treestruct.def arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/varasm.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/vec.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/include/version.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/thumb/crtbegin.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/thumb/crtbeginS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/thumb/crtbeginT.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/thumb/crtend.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/thumb/crtendS.o arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/thumb/libgcc.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/thumb/libgcov.a arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/cc1       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/cc1plus   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/collect2  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/fixinc.sh arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/fixincl arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/mkheaders arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/install-tools/mkinstalldirs arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/libfunction_reordering_plugin.la arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/libfunction_reordering_plugin.so.0.0.0 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/liblto_plugin.la arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/liblto_plugin.so.0.0.0 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/lto-wrapper arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/lto1      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/plugin/gengtype arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdbserver/NOTICE                            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdbserver/gdbserver                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gdbserver/repo.prop                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/EGL/egl.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/EGL/eglext.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/EGL/eglplatform.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES/egl.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES/gl.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES/glext.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES/glplatform.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES2/gl2.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES2/gl2ext.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES2/gl2platform.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES3/gl3.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES3/gl31.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES3/gl32.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES3/gl3ext.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/GLES3/gl3platform.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/KHR/khrplatform.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/OMXAL/OpenMAXAL.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/OMXAL/OpenMAXAL_Android.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/OMXAL/OpenMAXAL_Platform.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/SLES/OpenSLES.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/SLES/OpenSLES_Android.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/SLES/OpenSLES_AndroidConfiguration.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/SLES/OpenSLES_AndroidMetadata.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/SLES/OpenSLES_Platform.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/auxvec.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/bitsperlong.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/bpf_perf_event.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/byteorder.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/errno.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/fcntl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/hwcap.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/ioctl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/ioctls.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/ipcbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/kvm.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/kvm_para.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/mman.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/msgbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/param.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/perf_regs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/poll.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/posix_types.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/ptrace.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/resource.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/sembuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/setup.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/shmbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/sigcontext.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/siginfo.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/signal.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/socket.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/sockios.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/stat.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/statfs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/swab.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/termbits.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/termios.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/types.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/ucontext.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aarch64-linux-android/asm/unistd.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/aaudio/AAudio.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/alloca.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/NeuralNetworks.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/api-level.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/asset_manager.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/asset_manager_jni.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/bitmap.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/choreographer.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/configuration.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/data_space.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/dlext.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/hardware_buffer.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/hardware_buffer_jni.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/input.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/keycodes.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_errno_inlines.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_fenv_inlines_arm.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_fenv_inlines_mips.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_signal_inlines.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_stdlib_inlines.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_strings_inlines.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_sys_mman_inlines.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_sys_stat_inlines.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_sys_wait_inlines.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/legacy_termios_inlines.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/log.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/looper.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/multinetwork.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/native_activity.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/native_window.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/native_window_jni.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/ndk-version.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/obb.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/rect.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/sensor.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/set_abort_message.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/sharedmem.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/sharedmem_jni.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/storage_manager.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/surface_texture.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/surface_texture_jni.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/sync.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/trace.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/versioning.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/android/window.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/ar.h                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/auxvec.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/bitsperlong.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/bpf_perf_event.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/byteorder.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/errno.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/fcntl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/hwcap.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/ioctl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/ioctls.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/ipcbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/kvm.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/kvm_para.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/mman.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/msgbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/param.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/perf_regs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/poll.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/posix_types.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/ptrace.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/resource.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/sembuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/setup.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/shmbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/sigcontext.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/siginfo.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/signal.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/socket.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/sockios.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/stat.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/statfs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/swab.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/termbits.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/termios.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/types.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/unistd-common.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/unistd-eabi.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/unistd-oabi.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arm-linux-androideabi/asm/unistd.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arpa/ftp.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arpa/inet.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arpa/nameser.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arpa/nameser_compat.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arpa/telnet.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/arpa/tftp.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/auxvec.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/bitsperlong.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/bpf_perf_event.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/byteorder.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/errno.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/fcntl.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/hwcap.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/ioctl.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/ioctls.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/ipcbuf.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/kvm.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/kvm_para.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/mman.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/msgbuf.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/param.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/perf_regs.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/poll.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/posix_types.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/ptrace.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/resource.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/sembuf.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/setup.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/shmbuf.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/sigcontext.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/siginfo.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/signal.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/socket.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/sockios.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/stat.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/statfs.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/swab.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/termbits.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/termios.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/types.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/unistd-common.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/unistd-eabi.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/unistd-oabi.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm/unistd.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/auxvec.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/bitsperlong.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/bpf_perf_event.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/errno-base.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/errno.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/fcntl.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/hugetlb_encode.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/int-l64.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/int-ll64.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/ioctl.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/ioctls.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/ipcbuf.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/kvm_para.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/mman-common.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/mman.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/msgbuf.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/param.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/poll.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/posix_types.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/resource.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/sembuf.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/setup.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/shmbuf.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/shmparam.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/siginfo.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/signal-defs.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/signal.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/socket.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/sockios.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/stat.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/statfs.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/swab.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/termbits.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/termios.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/types.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/ucontext.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/asm-generic/unistd.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/assert.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/auxvec.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/elf_arm.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/elf_arm64.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/elf_mips.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/elf_x86.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/elf_x86_64.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/epoll_event.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fcntl.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fenv_arm.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fenv_mips.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fenv_x86.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fenv_x86_64.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fortify/fcntl.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fortify/poll.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fortify/socket.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fortify/stat.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fortify/stdio.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fortify/stdlib.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fortify/string.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/fortify/unistd.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/getopt.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/glibc-syscalls.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/in_addr.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/ioctl.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/ip_mreq_source.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/ip_msfilter.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/lockf.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/mbstate_t.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/posix_limits.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/pthread_types.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/sa_family_t.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/seek_constants.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/signal_types.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/strcasecmp.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/struct_file.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/sysconf.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/termios_inlines.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/timespec.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/wait.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/wchar_limits.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/bits/wctype.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/byteswap.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/camera/NdkCameraCaptureSession.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/camera/NdkCameraDevice.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/camera/NdkCameraError.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/camera/NdkCameraManager.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/camera/NdkCameraMetadata.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/camera/NdkCameraMetadataTags.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/camera/NdkCaptureRequest.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/complex.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/cpio.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/ctype.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/dirent.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/dlfcn.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/amdgpu_drm.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/armada_drm.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/drm.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/drm_fourcc.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/drm_mode.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/drm_sarea.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/etnaviv_drm.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/exynos_drm.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/i810_drm.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/i915_drm.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/mga_drm.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/msm_drm.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/nouveau_drm.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/omap_drm.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/qxl_drm.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/r128_drm.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/radeon_drm.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/savage_drm.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/sis_drm.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/tegra_drm.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/vc4_drm.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/vgem_drm.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/via_drm.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/virtgpu_drm.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/drm/vmwgfx_drm.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/elf.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/endian.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/err.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/errno.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/error.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/fcntl.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/features.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/fenv.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/fnmatch.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/fts.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/ftw.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/getopt.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/glob.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/grp.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/a.out.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/auxvec.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/bitsperlong.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/boot.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/bootparam.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/bpf_perf_event.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/byteorder.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/debugreg.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/e820.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/errno.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/fcntl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/hw_breakpoint.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/hwcap2.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/hyperv.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/ioctl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/ioctls.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/ipcbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/ist.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/kvm.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/kvm_para.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/kvm_perf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/ldt.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/mce.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/mman.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/msgbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/msr.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/mtrr.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/param.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/perf_regs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/poll.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/posix_types.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/posix_types_32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/posix_types_64.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/posix_types_x32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/prctl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/processor-flags.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/ptrace-abi.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/ptrace.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/resource.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/sembuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/setup.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/shmbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/sigcontext.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/sigcontext32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/siginfo.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/signal.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/socket.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/sockios.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/stat.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/statfs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/svm.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/swab.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/termbits.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/termios.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/types.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/ucontext.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/unistd.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/unistd_32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/unistd_64.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/unistd_x32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/vm86.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/vmx.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/i686-linux-android/asm/vsyscall.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/iconv.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/ifaddrs.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/inttypes.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/jni.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/langinfo.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/lastlog.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/libgen.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/limits.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/link.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/a.out.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/acct.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/adb.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/adfs_fs.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/affs_hardblocks.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/agpgart.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/aio_abi.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/am437x-vpfe.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/android/binder.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/apm_bios.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/arcfb.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ashmem.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/aspeed-lpc-ctrl.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atalk.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atm.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atm_eni.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atm_he.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atm_idt77105.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atm_nicstar.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atm_tcp.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atm_zatm.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmapi.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmarp.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmbr2684.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmclip.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmdev.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmioc.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmlec.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmmpc.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmppp.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmsap.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/atmsvc.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/audit.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/auto_dev-ioctl.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/auto_fs.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/auto_fs4.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/auxvec.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ax25.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/b1lli.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/batman_adv.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/baycom.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/bcache.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/bcm933xx_hcs.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/bfs_fs.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/binfmts.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/blkpg.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/blktrace_api.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/blkzoned.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/bpf.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/bpf_common.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/bpf_perf_event.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/bpqether.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/bsg.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/bt-bmc.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/btrfs.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/btrfs_tree.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/byteorder/big_endian.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/byteorder/little_endian.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/caif/caif_socket.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/caif/if_caif.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/can/bcm.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/can/error.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/can/gw.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/can/netlink.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/can/raw.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/can/vxcan.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/can.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/capability.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/capi.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cciss_defs.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cciss_ioctl.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cdrom.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cec-funcs.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cec.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cgroupstats.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/chio.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cifs/cifs_mount.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cm4000_cs.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cn_proc.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/coda.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/coda_psdev.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/coff.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/compiler.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/compiler_types.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/connector.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/const.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/coresight-stm.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cramfs_fs.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cryptouser.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cuda.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cyclades.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/cycx_cfm.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dcbnl.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dccp.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/devlink.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dlm.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dlm_device.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dlm_netlink.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dlm_plock.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dlmconstants.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dm-ioctl.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dm-log-userspace.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dma-buf.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dn.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dqblk_xfs.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dvb/audio.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dvb/ca.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dvb/dmx.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dvb/frontend.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dvb/net.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dvb/osd.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dvb/version.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/dvb/video.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/edd.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/efs_fs_sb.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/elf-em.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/elf-fdpic.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/elf.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/elfcore.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/errno.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/errqueue.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ethtool.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/eventpoll.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fadvise.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/falloc.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fanotify.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fb.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fcntl.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fd.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fdreg.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fib_rules.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fiemap.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/filter.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/firewire-cdev.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/firewire-constants.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/flat.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fou.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fs.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fsl_hypervisor.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fsmap.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/fuse.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/futex.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/gameport.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/gen_stats.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/genetlink.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/genwqe/genwqe_card.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/gfs2_ondisk.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/gigaset_dev.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/gpio.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/gsmmux.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/gtp.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hash_info.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hdlc/ioctl.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hdlc.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hdlcdrv.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hdreg.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hid.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hiddev.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hidraw.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hpet.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hsi/cs-protocol.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hsi/hsi_char.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hsr_netlink.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hw_breakpoint.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hyperv.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/hysdn_if.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/i2c-dev.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/i2c.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/i2o-dev.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/i8k.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/icmp.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/icmpv6.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_addr.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_addrlabel.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_alg.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_arcnet.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_arp.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_bonding.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_bridge.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_cablemodem.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_eql.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_ether.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_fc.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_fddi.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_frad.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_hippi.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_infiniband.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_link.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_ltalk.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_macsec.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_packet.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_phonet.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_plip.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_ppp.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_pppol2tp.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_pppox.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_slip.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_team.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_tun.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_tunnel.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_vlan.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/if_x25.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ife.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/igmp.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/iio/events.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/iio/types.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ila.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/in.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/in6.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/in_route.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/inet_diag.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/inotify.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/input-event-codes.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/input.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ioctl.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ip.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ip6_tunnel.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ip_vs.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ipc.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ipmi.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ipmi_msgdefs.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ipsec.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ipv6.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ipv6_route.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ipx.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/irda.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/irqnr.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/isdn/capicmd.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/isdn.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/isdn_divertif.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/isdn_ppp.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/isdnif.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/iso_fs.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ivtv.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ivtvfb.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ixjuser.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/jffs2.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/joystick.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kcm.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kcmp.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kcov.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kd.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kdev_t.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kernel-page-flags.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kernel.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kernelcapi.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kexec.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/keyboard.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/keychord.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/keyctl.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kfd_ioctl.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kvm.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/kvm_para.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/l2tp.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/libc-compat.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/lightnvm.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/limits.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/lirc.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/llc.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/loop.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/lp.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/lwtunnel.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/magic.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/major.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/map_to_7segment.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/matroxfb.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/max2175.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mdio.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/media-bus-format.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/media.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mei.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/membarrier.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/memfd.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mempolicy.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/meye.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mic_common.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mic_ioctl.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mii.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/minix_fs.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mman.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mmc/ioctl.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mmtimer.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/module.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mpls.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mpls_iptunnel.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mqueue.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mroute.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mroute6.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/msdos_fs.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/msg.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/mtio.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/n_r3964.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nbd-netlink.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nbd.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ncp.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ncp_fs.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ncp_mount.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ncp_no.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ndctl.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/neighbour.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/net.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/net_dropmon.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/net_namespace.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/net_tstamp.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netconf.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netdevice.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/ipset/ip_set.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/ipset/ip_set_bitmap.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/ipset/ip_set_hash.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/ipset/ip_set_list.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nf_conntrack_common.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nf_conntrack_ftp.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nf_conntrack_sctp.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nf_conntrack_tcp.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nf_conntrack_tuple_common.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nf_log.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nf_nat.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nf_tables.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nf_tables_compat.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nfnetlink.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nfnetlink_acct.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nfnetlink_compat.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nfnetlink_conntrack.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nfnetlink_cthelper.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nfnetlink_cttimeout.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nfnetlink_log.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/nfnetlink_queue.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/x_tables.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_AUDIT.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_CHECKSUM.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_CLASSIFY.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_CONNMARK.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_CONNSECMARK.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_CT.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_DSCP.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_HMARK.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_IDLETIMER.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_LED.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_LOG.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_MARK.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_NFLOG.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_NFQUEUE.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_RATEEST.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_SECMARK.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_SYNPROXY.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_TCPMSS.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_TCPOPTSTRIP.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_TEE.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_TPROXY.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_addrtype.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_bpf.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_cgroup.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_cluster.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_comment.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_connbytes.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_connlabel.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_connlimit.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_connmark.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_conntrack.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_cpu.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_dccp.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_devgroup.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_dscp.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_ecn.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_esp.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_hashlimit.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_helper.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_ipcomp.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_iprange.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_ipvs.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_l2tp.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_length.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_limit.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_mac.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_mark.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_multiport.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_nfacct.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_osf.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_owner.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_physdev.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_pkttype.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_policy.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_quota.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_rateest.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_realm.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_recent.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_rpfilter.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_sctp.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_set.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_socket.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_state.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_statistic.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_string.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_tcpmss.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_tcpudp.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_time.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter/xt_u32.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_arp/arp_tables.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_arp/arpt_mangle.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_arp.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_802_3.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_among.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_arp.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_arpreply.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_ip.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_ip6.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_limit.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_log.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_mark_m.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_mark_t.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_nat.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_nflog.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_pkttype.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_redirect.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_stp.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebt_vlan.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge/ebtables.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_bridge.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_decnet.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ip_tables.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ipt_CLUSTERIP.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ipt_ECN.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ipt_LOG.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ipt_REJECT.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ipt_TTL.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ipt_ULOG.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ipt_ah.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ipt_ecn.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4/ipt_ttl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv4.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6_tables.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_HL.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_LOG.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_NPT.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_REJECT.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_ah.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_frag.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_hl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_ipv6header.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_mh.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_opts.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6/ip6t_rt.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netfilter_ipv6.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netlink.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netlink_diag.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/netrom.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfc.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfs.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfs2.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfs3.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfs4.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfs4_mount.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfs_fs.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfs_idmap.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfs_mount.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfsacl.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfsd/cld.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfsd/debug.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfsd/export.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfsd/nfsfh.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nfsd/stats.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nilfs2_api.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nilfs2_ondisk.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nl80211.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nsfs.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nubus.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nvme_ioctl.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/nvram.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/omap3isp.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/omapfb.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/oom.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/openvswitch.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/packet_diag.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/param.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/parport.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/patchkey.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pci.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pci_regs.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pcitest.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/perf_event.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/personality.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pfkeyv2.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pg.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/phantom.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/phonet.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pkt_cls.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pkt_sched.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pktcdvd.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pmu.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/poll.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/posix_acl.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/posix_acl_xattr.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/posix_types.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ppdev.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ppp-comp.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ppp-ioctl.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ppp_defs.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pps.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/pr.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/prctl.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/psample.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/psci.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ptp_clock.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ptrace.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/qnx4_fs.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/qnxtypes.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/qrtr.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/quota.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/radeonfb.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/raid/md_p.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/raid/md_u.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/random.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/raw.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/rds.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/reboot.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/reiserfs_fs.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/reiserfs_xattr.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/resource.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/rfkill.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/rio_cm_cdev.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/rio_mport_cdev.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/romfs_fs.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/rose.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/route.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/rpmsg.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/rtc.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/rtnetlink.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/rxrpc.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/scc.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sched/types.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sched.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/scif_ioctl.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/screen_info.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sctp.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sdla.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/seccomp.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/securebits.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sed-opal.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/seg6.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/seg6_genl.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/seg6_hmac.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/seg6_iptunnel.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/seg6_local.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/selinux_netlink.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sem.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/serial.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/serial_core.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/serial_reg.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/serio.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/shm.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/signal.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/signalfd.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/smc.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/smc_diag.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/smiapp.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/snmp.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sock_diag.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/socket.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sockios.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sonet.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sonypi.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sound.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/soundcard.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/spi/spidev.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/stat.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/stddef.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/stm.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/string.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sunrpc/debug.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/suspend_ioctls.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/swab.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/switchtec_ioctl.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sync_file.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/synclink.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sysctl.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/sysinfo.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/target_core_user.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/taskstats.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_bpf.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_connmark.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_csum.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_defact.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_gact.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_ife.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_ipt.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_mirred.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_nat.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_pedit.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_sample.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_skbedit.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_skbmod.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_tunnel_key.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_act/tc_vlan.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_ematch/tc_em_cmp.h   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_ematch/tc_em_meta.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_ematch/tc_em_nbyte.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tc_ematch/tc_em_text.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tcp.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tcp_metrics.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tee.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/telephony.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/termios.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/thermal.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/time.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/timerfd.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/times.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/timex.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tiocl.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tipc.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tipc_config.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tipc_netlink.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tls.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/toshiba.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tty.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/tty_flags.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/types.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/udf_fs_i.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/udp.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/uhid.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/uinput.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/uio.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/uleds.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/ultrasound.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/un.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/unistd.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/unix_diag.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/audio.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/cdc-wdm.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/cdc.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/ch11.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/ch9.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/charger.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/f_accessory.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/f_mtp.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/functionfs.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/g_printer.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/gadgetfs.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/midi.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/tmc.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usb/video.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usbdevice_fs.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/usbip.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/userfaultfd.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/userio.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/utime.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/utsname.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/uuid.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/uvcvideo.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/v4l2-common.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/v4l2-controls.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/v4l2-dv-timings.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/v4l2-mediabus.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/v4l2-subdev.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/version.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/veth.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/vfio.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/vfio_ccw.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/vhost.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/videodev2.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_9p.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_balloon.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_blk.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_config.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_console.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_crypto.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_gpu.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_ids.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_input.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_mmio.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_net.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_pci.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_ring.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_rng.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_scsi.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_types.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/virtio_vsock.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/vm_sockets.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/vm_sockets_diag.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/vsockmon.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/vt.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/vtpm_proxy.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/wait.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/wanrouter.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/watchdog.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/wimax/i2400m.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/wimax.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/wireless.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/wmi.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/x25.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/xattr.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/xfrm.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/xilinx-v4l2-controls.h  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/zorro.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/linux/zorro_ids.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/locale.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/malloc.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/math.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkImage.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkImageReader.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkMediaCodec.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkMediaCrypto.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkMediaDataSource.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkMediaDrm.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkMediaError.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkMediaExtractor.h     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkMediaFormat.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/media/NdkMediaMuxer.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/memory.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/misc/cxl.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/mntent.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/mtd/inftl-user.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/mtd/mtd-abi.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/mtd/mtd-user.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/mtd/nftl-user.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/mtd/ubi-user.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/net/ethernet.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/net/if.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/net/if_arp.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/net/if_packet.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/net/route.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netdb.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/ether.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/icmp6.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/if_ether.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/in.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/in6.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/in_systm.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/ip.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/ip6.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/ip_icmp.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/tcp.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netinet/udp.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/netpacket/packet.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/nl_types.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/paths.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/poll.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/pthread.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/pty.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/pwd.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/bnxt_re-abi.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/cxgb3-abi.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/cxgb4-abi.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/hfi/hfi1_ioctl.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/hfi/hfi1_user.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/hns-abi.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/ib_user_cm.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/ib_user_ioctl_verbs.h    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/ib_user_mad.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/ib_user_sa.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/ib_user_verbs.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/mlx4-abi.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/mlx5-abi.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/mthca-abi.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/nes-abi.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/ocrdma-abi.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/qedr-abi.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/rdma_netlink.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/rdma_user_cm.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/rdma_user_ioctl.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/rdma_user_rxe.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/rdma/vmw_pvrdma-abi.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/regex.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/resolv.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sched.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/cxlflash_ioctl.h         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/fc/fc_els.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/fc/fc_fs.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/fc/fc_gs.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/fc/fc_ns.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/scsi.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/scsi_bsg_fc.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/scsi_ioctl.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/scsi_netlink.h           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/scsi_netlink_fc.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/scsi_proto.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/scsi/sg.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/search.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/semaphore.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/setjmp.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/signal.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/asequencer.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/asoc.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/asound.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/asound_fm.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/compress_offload.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/compress_params.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/emu10k1.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/firewire.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/hdsp.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/hdspm.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/sb16_csp.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/sfnt_info.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/snd_sst_tokens.h        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/tlv.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sound/usb_stream.h            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/spawn.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/stdatomic.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/stdint.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/stdio.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/stdio_ext.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/stdlib.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/string.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/strings.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/_system_properties.h      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/auxv.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/cachectl.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/capability.h              arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/cdefs.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/endian.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/epoll.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/errno.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/eventfd.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/fcntl.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/file.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/fsuid.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/inotify.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/ioctl.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/ipc.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/klog.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/limits.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/mman.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/mount.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/msg.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/mtio.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/param.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/personality.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/poll.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/prctl.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/procfs.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/ptrace.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/queue.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/quota.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/random.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/reboot.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/reg.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/resource.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/select.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/sem.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/sendfile.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/shm.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/signal.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/signalfd.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/socket.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/stat.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/statfs.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/statvfs.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/swap.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/syscall.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/sysconf.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/sysinfo.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/syslog.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/sysmacros.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/system_properties.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/time.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/timerfd.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/times.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/timex.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/ttydefaults.h             arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/types.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/ucontext.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/uio.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/un.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/unistd.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/user.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/utsname.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/vfs.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/vt.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/wait.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sys/xattr.h                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/syscall.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/sysexits.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/syslog.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/tar.h                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/termio.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/termios.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/time.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/time64.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/uchar.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/ucontext.h                    arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/unistd.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/utime.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/utmp.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/video/edid.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/video/sisfb.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/video/uvesafb.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/vulkan/vk_platform.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/vulkan/vulkan.h               arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/vulkan/vulkan_android.h       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/vulkan/vulkan_core.h          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/wait.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/wchar.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/wctype.h                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/a.out.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/auxvec.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/bitsperlong.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/boot.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/bootparam.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/bpf_perf_event.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/byteorder.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/debugreg.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/e820.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/errno.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/fcntl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/hw_breakpoint.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/hwcap2.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/hyperv.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/ioctl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/ioctls.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/ipcbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/ist.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/kvm.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/kvm_para.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/kvm_perf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/ldt.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/mce.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/mman.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/msgbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/msr.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/mtrr.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/param.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/perf_regs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/poll.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/posix_types.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/posix_types_32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/posix_types_64.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/posix_types_x32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/prctl.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/processor-flags.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/ptrace-abi.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/ptrace.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/resource.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/sembuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/setup.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/shmbuf.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/sigcontext.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/sigcontext32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/siginfo.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/signal.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/socket.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/sockios.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/stat.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/statfs.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/svm.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/swab.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/termbits.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/termios.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/types.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/ucontext.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/unistd.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/unistd_32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/unistd_64.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/unistd_x32.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/vm86.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/vmx.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/x86_64-linux-android/asm/vsyscall.h arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/xen/evtchn.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/xen/gntalloc.h                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/xen/gntdev.h                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/xen/privcmd.h                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/xlocale.h                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/zconf.h                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/include/zlib.h                        arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/crtbegin_dynamic.o                arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/crtbegin_so.o                     arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/crtbegin_static.o                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/crtend_android.o                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/crtend_so.o                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libc.a                            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libc.so                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libcompiler_rt-extras.a           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libdl.a                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libdl.so                          arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/liblog.so                         arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libm.a                            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libm.so                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libstdc++.a                       arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libstdc++.so                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libz.a                            arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/sysroot/usr/lib/libz.so                           arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/ar                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/as                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/ld                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/ld.bfd                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/ld.gold                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/nm                      arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/objcopy                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/objdump                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/ranlib                  arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/readelf                 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/arm-linux-androideabi/bin/strip                   arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/libfunction_reordering_plugin.so arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/libfunction_reordering_plugin.so.0 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/liblto_plugin.so arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/gcc/arm-linux-androideabi/4.9.x/liblto_plugin.so.0 arm-cross-toolchain
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/img2simg                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/make_ext4fs                                   ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/simg2img                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/censor                                        lolcat-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lolcat                                        lolcat-c
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mkbootimg                                     mkbootimg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/unpackbootimg                                 mkbootimg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shc                                           shc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/shc.1                              shc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shc                                           shc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/shc.1                              shc
